This is a demo cinema website
You can not book real movies
Also when the site will launch every movie( will be in the database and will be uploaded via a form but for now we have only one form to upload movies for the categories
Follow the steps for a full experience
or enjoy discovering all the functions on you own.
First create an account with a name and 8 length password in the Register
Second Login to enter

In home page you can see movies as images and text, also news, ect and the 
option to become member when the site will launch, also below is the times 
and days the cinema will be open.
-
At the footer are four columns which are:
About Us. A short description.
Quick Links to the website like: Home, Categories, News, Favorites and 
the Contact Us Which takes you to a form to fill that will go to the database 
with your email for the staff to contact you.
A short Contact Us column with phone number and email and lastly
The Follow Us on social media links.

In Categories page you will see all the movies in the database to book via a 
form at the bottom.
You can select a category that will hide all the others and also you can select 
list for a full movies description or stay at grid view. You can also drag or 
press the arrow button to see all the categories.
If you press on a movies image you can see the trailer of that movies in the same
window. Also you can press the Like button and that with save the movie you would 
like in the liked page. You can also use the search-bar here to exclude movies ect.

On News page you can Read gossip and updates.

In cart you will see the movies that need payment(when the site will launch)
It is the extra step in order to book you movie after the reservation form.

In history you can see the movies you have see in the past.

In Updates you can see the status of the movies you have booked

And at last in your Profile you can see the Pending reservations and also a 
log-out button at the left corner right next to the sidebar.

You can also insert two example movies from the test.txt file to test.
 